Pronouns Infinite	Spanish Infinite Pronouns - Speaking about the Unspecified
Anybody, Somebody, Everybody, Nobody, None, Some, Any etc.
Adjectives Possesives	Spanish Possesive Adjectives - Speaking of who owns it.
My, Your, His, Her, Our, Your, Their
Adjectives Possessives	Spanish Possesive Adjectives - Speaking of who owns it
Pronouns object pronouns+	Spanish Object Pronouns - Speaking about the receiver of the actions. Me, you, him, her, it, us, them
Pronouns object pronouns order	Spanish Object Pronouns - Order
Pronouns Personal  Direct obj	Spanish Direct Object Pronouns- Speaking about the direct receiver of the actions. 
Pronouns personal Indirect obj	Spanish Indirect Object Pronouns-  Speaking about where the direct object is going.
Pronouns Subject 2	Spanish Subject Pronouns - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Pronouns after prepositions	Spanish Pronouns- Speaking about the after receiver of the actions.
Pronouns Relative	Spanish Relative Pronouns - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Interrogatives 2	Spanish Interrogatives - Asking Questions in Spanish.
Interrogatives Por qué	Spanish Why - About the Spanish Why.
Interrogatives Qué+sust,cual-es	
Interrogatives Table	Spanish Interrogatives - Asking Questions in Spanish.
Interrogatives details	Spanish details Interrogatives - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Interrogative adjectives	Spanish adjectives Interrogative - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs Ser and estar 1	
Verbs SER vs ESTAR	Spanish vs Object Verbs- Speaking about the vs receiver of the actions.
Verbs SER ESTAR PICTORIAL	Spanish ESTAR Object Verbs- Speaking about the estar receiver of the actions.
Tricks SER ESTAR	Spanish SER Object Tricks- Speaking about the ser receiver of the actions.
Conj Hablar,Comprender,Escribir	Spanish Comprender Object Conj- Speaking about the comprender receiver of the actions.
Conj tricks all tenses REG	
Conjugations tips	Spanish tips Conjugations - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Conjugations Pictorials	Spanish Pictorials Conjugations - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs Conjugations	Spanish Conjugations Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs conjugated table	Spanish Verbs- Speaking about the conjugated receiver of the actions.
Conjugations Preterito Perfecto	Spanish Preterito Object Conjugations- Speaking about the preterito receiver of the actions.
Verbs Conj ALL ar,er,ir	Spanish er Object Verbs- Speaking about the er receiver of the actions.
Infinitive with Preposition	
Verbs Overview	Spanish Overview Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs Notes	Spanish Notes Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs table Vertical 1	Spanish table Object Verbs-  Speaking about where the  object is going.
Verbs table Horizontal	
Verbs list	Spanish list Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs list 2	Spanish list Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs basic	Spanish basic Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs explained	Spanish explained Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verb Gustar	Spanish Gustar Verb - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs Poner  Traer Restaurants	Spanish Traer Object Verbs- Speaking about the traer receiver of the actions.
Verbs Ser Tener y Llamarse	Spanish y Object Verbs- Speaking about the y receiver of the actions.
Verb Tener	Spanish Tener Verb - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verb Estar Location	Spanish Estar Object Verb- Speaking about the estar receiver of the actions.
Verbs preposition combinations	Spanish Verbs- Speaking about the preposition receiver of the actions.
Verbs with prepositions	Spanish Verbs- Speaking about the with receiver of the actions.
Verbs with a prep	Spanish a Object Verbs-  Speaking about where the ith a object is going.
Verbs with con prep	Spanish con Object Verbs-  Speaking about where the h con object is going.
Verbs with de prep	Spanish de Object Verbs-  Speaking about where the th de object is going.
Verbs with en prepositions	Spanish en Object Verbs-  Speaking about where the itions object is going.
Verbs with para prepositions	Spanish para Object Verbs-  Speaking about where the ositio object is going.
Verbs with Por Prepositions	Spanish Por Object Verbs- Speaking about the por receiver of the actions.
Perpositions after verbs	Spanish Perpositions- Speaking about the after receiver of the actions.
Verbs reflexives 1	Spanish reflexives Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs Reflexive 2	Spanish Reflexive Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs Reflexive or Reciprocal	Spanish or Object Verbs- Speaking about the or receiver of the actions.
Verbs Reciprocal	Spanish Reciprocal Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbal Idioms	Spanish Idioms Verbal - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verb Querer	Spanish Querer Verb - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs Defective	Spanish Defective Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs Transitive Intransitive	Spanish Transitive Object Verbs- Speaking about the transitive receiver of the actions.
Verbs Copulative	Spanish Copulative Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs Past participles	
Verbs Auxilary	Spanish Auxilary Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs Irregular IR endings	Spanish IR Object Verbs- Speaking about the ir receiver of the actions.
Verbs irregular YO forms	Spanish YO Object Verbs-  Speaking about where the r YO object is going.
Verbs irregular	Spanish irregular Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Verbs Impersonal	Spanish Impersonal Verbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Negatives	Spanish Negatives - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Negatives Neither nor	
Negatives Ningun, Nada Nadie	Spanish Nada Object Negatives- Speaking about the nada receiver of the actions.
Conjunctions y o pero porque si	Spanish Conjunctions- Speaking about the porque receiver of the actions.
Conjuntions Other common ones	Spanish common Object Conjuntions-  Speaking about where the mmon object is going.
Conjunctions Split	Spanish Split Conjunctions - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
adjectives placement	Spanish placement adjectives - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Adjectives Comp Sup	Spanish Comp Object Adjectives- Speaking about the comp receiver of the actions.
Adj Comparatives Supelatives	Spanish Comparatives Object Adj- Speaking about the comparatives receiver of the actions.
Adjectives uses	Spanish uses Adjectives - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Adjectives used in Exclamations	Spanish in Object Adjectives-  Speaking about where the xclama object is going.
Adjectives Agreement	Spanish Agreement Adjectives - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Adjectives order	Spanish order Adjectives - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Adjectives Demonstrative	Spanish Demonstrative Adjectives - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Cuantificadores	Spanish Cuantificadores - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Graduar	Spanish Graduar - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Gerund	Spanish Gerund - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Gerunds IRREGULARS	Spanish IRREGULARS Gerunds - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Bastante	Spanish Bastante - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Adjectives Indefinite Más Menos	Spanish Más Object Adjectives- Speaking about the más receiver of the actions.
Adjectives Indefinite Mucho muy	Spanish Mucho Object Adjectives- Speaking about the mucho receiver of the actions.
Adjectives Indefinite Poco poca	Spanish Poco Object Adjectives- Speaking about the poco receiver of the actions.
Articles indefinite Uno Unas	Spanish Uno Object Articles- Speaking about the uno receiver of the actions.
Adjective Indefinite Varios	Spanish Indefinite Object Adjective- Speaking about the indefinite receiver of the actions.
Adjective Indefinite Alguno-a	Spanish Alguno Object Adjective- Speaking about the alguno receiver of the actions.
Adjectives Indefinite	Spanish Indefinite Adjectives - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Adverb of place There Hay	Spanish There Object Adverb- Speaking about the there receiver of the actions.
Adjectives Possesive	Spanish Possesive Adjectives - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Adverbs Sequence	Spanish Sequence Adverbs - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Imperatives	Spanish Imperatives - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Imperatives Affirmatives IRREG	Spanish Affirmatives Object Imperatives- Speaking about the affirmatives receiver of the actions.
Imperatives Negatives IRREG	Spanish Negatives Object Imperatives- Speaking about the negatives receiver of the actions.
Prepositions use	Spanish use Prepositions - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Prepositions	Spanish Prepositions - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Prepositions a de en para por	Spanish Prepositions- Speaking about the para receiver of the actions.
Preposition A	Spanish A Preposition - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Prepositions other common	Spanish Prepositions- Speaking about the other receiver of the actions.
Prepositions with Querer	
Tricks Por Vs Para	Spanish Vs Object Tricks- Speaking about the vs receiver of the actions.
Passive	Spanish Passive - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Vocabulary Directions	Spanish Directions Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Sentence Contrasting Likes	Spanish Contrasting Object Sentence- Speaking about the contrasting receiver of the actions.
Sentence Ask about likes	Spanish about Object Sentence-  Speaking about where the  object is going.
Interrogatives Ask and Reply	Spanish and Object Interrogatives- Speaking about the and receiver of the actions.
Sentence formation hints	Spanish Sentence- Speaking about the formation receiver of the actions.
Sentence formations Tips2	
Sentence Common phrases	
Sentence Common phr fr trvllrs	
Time Temporal Expresions	Spanish Temporal Object Time- Speaking about the temporal receiver of the actions.
Time Day times SituarseEnElDia	Spanish times Object Time- Speaking about the times receiver of the actions.
Time	Spanish Time - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Time telling the Time	Spanish the Object Time-  Speaking about where the g the object is going.
Tense Subjunctive	Spanish Subjunctive Tense - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Tense Subjunctive imperfect REG	Spanish imperfect Object Tense- Speaking about the imperfect receiver of the actions.
Tense Subjunctive imperfect IRR	Spanish imperfect Object Tense- Speaking about the imperfect receiver of the actions.
Tense Subjunctive Present IRREG	Spanish Present Object Tense- Speaking about the present receiver of the actions.
Tense Future Irregular	Spanish Future Object Tense- Speaking about the future receiver of the actions.
Tense Future	Spanish Future Tense - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Participles reg Irregular	
Tense Pluperfect-Past perfect	Spanish Past Object Tense- Speaking about the past receiver of the actions.
Tense Present simple tense	Spanish simple Object Tense-  Speaking about where the  object is going.
Tense Conditional	Spanish Conditional Tense - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Tense Imperfect	Spanish Imperfect Tense - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Tense Imperfect IRREGULAR	Spanish Imperfect Object Tense- Speaking about the imperfect receiver of the actions.
Tense Perfect	Spanish Perfect Tense - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Tense Perfect IRREGULARS	Spanish Perfect Object Tense- Speaking about the perfect receiver of the actions.
Tense Present continuous	
Tense Present (All)	Spanish Present Object Tense- Speaking about the present receiver of the actions.
Tense Past irregular	
Tense Pretérito 18 Irregular	Spanish Pretérito Object Tense- Speaking about the pretérito receiver of the actions.
Tense Pretérito Indefinido	Spanish Pretérito Object Tense- Speaking about the pretérito receiver of the actions.
Tense Pretérito 1	Spanish Pretérito Tense - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Tense Preterite 2	Spanish Preterite Tense - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Pretérito Indefinido formula	
Pretérito indef same = SER & IR	Spanish & Object Pretérito- Speaking about the & receiver of the actions.
Tense preterito perfecto	Spanish Tense- Speaking about the preterito receiver of the actions.
Tense preterite Spelling change	Spanish Spelling Object Tense-  Speaking about where the ling object is going.
Tips Same words diff meanings	
Vocabulary BodyPart MedicStdnts	Spanish BodyPart Object Vocabulary- Speaking about the bodypart receiver of the actions.
Vocabulary beach items	Spanish Vocabulary- Speaking about the beach receiver of the actions.
Vocabulary Aspecto Físico	Spanish Aspecto Object Vocabulary- Speaking about the aspecto receiver of the actions.
Volcabulary Body parts	
Vocabulary Carácter	Spanish Carácter Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Vocabulary Clothes	Spanish Clothes Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Vocabulary Clothes complete	
Vocabulary Colours	Spanish Colours Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Vocabulary Computer parts (2)	Spanish Computer Object Vocabulary-  Speaking about where the parts object is going.
Vocabulary meals of the day	Spanish Vocabulary- Speaking about the the receiver of the actions.
Vocabulary Educationl qaulfctns	
Vocabulary Climate	Spanish Climate Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Vocabulary household stuff	Spanish Vocabulary- Speaking about the household receiver of the actions.
Vocabulary Greetings	Spanish Greetings Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Vocabulary Physical attributes	
VocabularyPhysical attributes 2	
VocabularyEmotions descriptions	
Vocabulary Hobbies	Spanish Hobbies Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Vocabulary Family	Spanish Family Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Vocabulary Nationalities	Spanish Nationalities Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Vocabulary Professions	Spanish Professions Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Vocabulary Greetings 2	Spanish Greetings Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Vocabulary Seasons	Spanish Seasons Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Vocabulary Spanish Restaurant	Spanish Spanish Object Vocabulary- Speaking about the spanish receiver of the actions.
Vocabulary mixed	Spanish mixed Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Vocabulary Vices	Spanish Vices Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Vocabulary General	Spanish General Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Sentence Weather expressions	
Sentence Character description	
Sentences All about me	Spanish about Object Sentences-  Speaking about where the l about object is going.
Vocabulary House	Spanish House Vocabulary - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Nouns	Spanish Nouns - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Number Ordinal 1	Spanish Ordinal Number - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Numbers 1	Spanish Numbers - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Numbers 2	Spanish Numbers - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Numbers Ordinal 2	Spanish Ordinal Numbers - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Diminutivos	Spanish Diminutivos - Tagging people. I you he she we you all they.
Tenses Marcadores Temporales	Spanish Marcadores Object Tenses- Speaking about the marcadores receiver of the actions.
